[Music] The
night is dark, the night is dark, the darkness
suddenly vanishes, a light shines down upon
humanity, the Buddha is born,
spreading the good news, spreading the good news
throughout the three thousand worlds, the Buddha is born.
[Music] Life is dark, the
night is dark, the
darkness fades away, a light shines down
before humanity, the Buddha is born. The Buddha is born, spreading the good news, spreading the
good news
throughout the three thousand worlds, the light shines down
before humanity, the Buddha is born. Let us all sing
together, let us sing together, let us welcome peace. Let us spread the good news, let us spread the good news, the
Buddha is born. Let us all sing together, celebrating
the day the Buddha is born, let us
sing together, let us welcome
peace. Let us spread the good news, let us spread the
good news, the Buddha is born. We hope he will
bless and protect all beings,
working diligently day and night.
But why is there nothing left, only
suffering? We are merely existing, not knowing
where we stand, sickness, disease,
calamities, endless hardships, and difficulties that
constantly come, the sound of suffering and joy.
How can we be happy?
How can we escape the suffering that is always near
us? At times, the one we love is nowhere to be found, the one
we like is nowhere to be seen. But the one we hate, we meet; the one we resent, we seek the
righteous path. The Four Noble Truths are supreme; those we dislike should wait for each other to come together. Eliminate all greed, follow the path of truth, and our
bodies will attain enlightenment. Peace and tranquility
prevail. Only when the Buddha is born do we know the path we should take. Only when the Buddha is born do we know the path we should take. Let's celebrate the Buddha's birth together. Let's celebrate the birth of the Buddha together. Let's sing together, let's welcome him together.
Let's spread the good news, let's spread the good news, the
Buddha is born!
[Music]
[Applause]
Life